.TH "FDPBi" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
FDPBi \- A bidirectional version of forward dynamic programming. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <fdp.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBFDP\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFDPBi\fP (\fBProblem\fP *problem)"
.br
.RI "\fIA constructor that initializes data members.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~FDPBi\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIEmpty destructor.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBReset\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReset the planner.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBPlan\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIAttempt to solve an Initial-Goal query by growing an \fBFDP\fP.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBRecoverSolution\fP (\fBMSLNode\fP *&n1, \fBMSLNode\fP *&n2)"
.br
.RI "\fIPull out the path and timings from the graphs.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "priority_queue< \fBMSLNode\fP *, vector< \fBMSLNode\fP * >, \fBMSLNodeGreater\fP > \fBQ2\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPriority queue of nodes.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
A bidirectional version of forward dynamic programming.
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "FDPBi::FDPBi (\fBProblem\fP * problem)"
.PP
A constructor that initializes data members.
.PP
.SS "FDPBi::~FDPBi ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Empty destructor.
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "bool FDPBi::Plan ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Attempt to solve an Initial-Goal query by growing an \fBFDP\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBFDP\fP.
.SS "void FDPBi::RecoverSolution (\fBMSLNode\fP *& n1, \fBMSLNode\fP *& n2)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Pull out the path and timings from the graphs.
.PP
.SS "void FDPBi::Reset ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reset the planner.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBFDP\fP.
.SH "MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "priority_queue<\fBMSLNode\fP*,vector<\fBMSLNode\fP*>,\fBMSLNodeGreater\fP> FDPBi::Q2\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Priority queue of nodes.
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
