.TH "GeomPQP2DRigid" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
GeomPQP2DRigid \- 2D rigid body. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <geomPQP.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBGeomPQP2D\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBGeomPQP2DRigidMulti\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGeomPQP2DRigid\fP (string path)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~GeomPQP2DRigid\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBCollisionFree\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &q)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn true if the robot(s) and obstacles are not in collision.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual double \fBDistanceComp\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &q)"
.br
.RI "\fICompute the distance of the closest point on the robot to the obstacle region.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBMSLVector\fP \fBConfigurationDifference\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &q1, const \fBMSLVector\fP &q2)"
.br
.RI "\fICompute a \fBMSLVector\fP based on q2-q1. In R^n, the configurations are simply subtracted to make the \fBMSLVector\fP. This method exists to make things work correctly for other configuration-space topologies.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSetTransformation\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &q)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
2D rigid body.
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "GeomPQP2DRigid::GeomPQP2DRigid (string path)"
.PP
.SS "virtual GeomPQP2DRigid::~GeomPQP2DRigid ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "bool GeomPQP2DRigid::CollisionFree (const \fBMSLVector\fP & q)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return true if the robot(s) and obstacles are not in collision.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBGeomPQP\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBGeomPQP2DRigidMulti\fP.
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP GeomPQP2DRigid::ConfigurationDifference (const \fBMSLVector\fP & q1, const \fBMSLVector\fP & q2)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Compute a \fBMSLVector\fP based on q2-q1. In R^n, the configurations are simply subtracted to make the \fBMSLVector\fP. This method exists to make things work correctly for other configuration-space topologies.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBGeom\fP.
.SS "double GeomPQP2DRigid::DistanceComp (const \fBMSLVector\fP & q)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Compute the distance of the closest point on the robot to the obstacle region.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBGeomPQP\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBGeomPQP2DRigidMulti\fP.
.SS "void GeomPQP2DRigid::SetTransformation (const \fBMSLVector\fP & q)"
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBGeomPQP2DRigidMulti\fP.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
