.TH "Gui" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Gui \- A generic class for designing graphical user interfaces (GUIs). 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <gui.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBGuiPlanner\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBGui\fP (\fBRender\fP *render)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe window.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Gui\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBStart\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIStart running the Gui.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBHandleEvents\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIProcess any IO events (may be used by \fBRender\fP).\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBButtonHandle\fP (int b)"
.br
.RI "\fIFigure out what actions to take based on menu choices.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRender\fP * \fBR\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBFinished\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISet to true if you want to main loop to terminate.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBCreateWindow\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIMake the menu window.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBInit\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize Gui and \fBRender\fP.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBMainLoop\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThe main event processing loop.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBFilePath\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
A generic class for designing graphical user interfaces (GUIs).
.PP
The graphical user interface (GUI) is designed as a hierarchy of classes to enable specific user interfaces to be designed for a variety of different motion strategy problems and planning algorithms. Currently, there is one derived class which serves as the GUI for all of the \fBRRT\fP-based planners. Each instance of Gui includes an instance of an \fBRRT\fP \fBPlanner\fP class and an instance of a \fBRender\fP class. Using this design, the same basic GUI design can be used, regardless of the particular rendering methods. 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "Gui::Gui (\fBRender\fP * render)"
.PP
The window.
.PP
.SS "virtual Gui::~Gui ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void Gui::ButtonHandle (int b)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Figure out what actions to take based on menu choices.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBGuiPlanner\fP.
.SS "virtual void Gui::CreateWindow ()\fC [inline, protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Make the menu window.
.PP
.SS "virtual void Gui::HandleEvents ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Process any IO events (may be used by \fBRender\fP).
.PP
Implemented in \fBGuiPlanner\fP.
.SS "void Gui::Init ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Initialize Gui and \fBRender\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBGuiPlanner\fP.
.SS "void Gui::MainLoop ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
The main event processing loop.
.PP
.SS "void Gui::Start ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Start running the Gui.
.PP
.SH "MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "string Gui::FilePath\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
.SS "bool Gui::Finished"
.PP
Set to true if you want to main loop to terminate.
.PP
.SS "\fBRender\fP* Gui::R"
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
