.TH "IncrementalPlanner" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
IncrementalPlanner \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <planner.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBPlanner\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBFDP\fP, and \fBRRT\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIncrementalPlanner\fP (\fBProblem\fP *problem)"
.br
.RI "\fIA constructor that initializes data members.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~IncrementalPlanner\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBConstruct\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIEssentially do nothing (no precomputation for incremental planners).\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBRecordSolution\fP (const list< \fBMSLNode\fP * > &glist, const list< \fBMSLNode\fP * > &g2list)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert a path in the graph to Path and Policy.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBRecordSolution\fP (const list< \fBMSLNode\fP * > &glist)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBWriteGraphs\fP (ofstream &fout)"
.br
.RI "\fIWrite trees to a file.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBReadGraphs\fP (ifstream &fin)"
.br
.RI "\fIRead trees from a file.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "IncrementalPlanner::IncrementalPlanner (\fBProblem\fP * problem)"
.PP
A constructor that initializes data members.
.PP
.SS "IncrementalPlanner::~IncrementalPlanner ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "void IncrementalPlanner::Construct ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Essentially do nothing (no precomputation for incremental planners).
.PP
Implements \fBPlanner\fP.
.SS "void IncrementalPlanner::ReadGraphs (ifstream & fin)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Read trees from a file.
.PP
Implements \fBPlanner\fP.
.SS "void IncrementalPlanner::RecordSolution (const list< \fBMSLNode\fP * > & glist)"
.PP
.SS "void IncrementalPlanner::RecordSolution (const list< \fBMSLNode\fP * > & glist, const list< \fBMSLNode\fP * > & g2list)"
.PP
Convert a path in the graph to Path and Policy.
.PP
.SS "void IncrementalPlanner::WriteGraphs (ofstream & fout)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Write trees to a file.
.PP
Implements \fBPlanner\fP.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
