.TH "Model2DRigidCarSmooth" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Model2DRigidCarSmooth \- A rigid car-like robot with continuous steering angles This model is used by Th. Fraichard, Scheuer, Laugier. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <model2d.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBModel2DRigidCar\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBModel2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer\fP, and \fBModelCarSmooth\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBModel2DRigidCarSmooth\fP (string path)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Model2DRigidCarSmooth\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBMSLVector\fP \fBStateTransitionEquation\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &\fBx\fP, const \fBMSLVector\fP &u)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe state transition equation, or equations of motion, xdot=f(x,u).\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual double \fBMetric\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &x1, const \fBMSLVector\fP &x2)"
.br
.RI "\fIA distance metric, which is Euclidean in the base class.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBMSLVector\fP \fBStateToConfiguration\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &\fBx\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fIA method that converts a \fBModel\fP state in to a \fBGeom\fP configuration.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBSatisfied\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &\fBx\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fITest whether global state-space constraints are satisfied.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBSteeringSpeed\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
A rigid car-like robot with continuous steering angles This model is used by Th. Fraichard, Scheuer, Laugier.
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "Model2DRigidCarSmooth::Model2DRigidCarSmooth (string path)"
.PP
.SS "virtual Model2DRigidCarSmooth::~Model2DRigidCarSmooth ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "double Model2DRigidCarSmooth::Metric (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x1, const \fBMSLVector\fP & x2)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
A distance metric, which is Euclidean in the base class.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel2DRigid\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBModel2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer\fP.
.SS "bool Model2DRigidCarSmooth::Satisfied (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Test whether global state-space constraints are satisfied.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBModel2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer\fP.
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Model2DRigidCarSmooth::StateToConfiguration (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
A method that converts a \fBModel\fP state in to a \fBGeom\fP configuration.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel2DRigid\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBModel2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer\fP.
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Model2DRigidCarSmooth::StateTransitionEquation (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x, const \fBMSLVector\fP & u)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
The state transition equation, or equations of motion, xdot=f(x,u).
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel2DRigidCar\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBModel2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer\fP.
.SH "MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "double Model2DRigidCarSmooth::SteeringSpeed"
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
