.TH "Model2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Model2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer \- A rigid car-like robot with continuous steering angles and a trailer. The trailer models are taken from Murray and Sastry, Trans. Automatic Control, Vol 38, No 5, 1993, pp. 700-716. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <model2d.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBModel2DRigidCarSmooth\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBModel2DRigidCarSmooth2Trailers\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBModel2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer\fP (string path)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Model2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBMSLVector\fP \fBStateTransitionEquation\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &\fBx\fP, const \fBMSLVector\fP &u)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe state transition equation, or equations of motion, xdot=f(x,u).\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual double \fBMetric\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &x1, const \fBMSLVector\fP &x2)"
.br
.RI "\fIA distance metric, which is Euclidean in the base class.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBMSLVector\fP \fBStateToConfiguration\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &\fBx\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fIA method that converts a \fBModel\fP state in to a \fBGeom\fP configuration.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBSatisfied\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &\fBx\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fITest whether global state-space constraints are satisfied.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBHitchLength\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBHitchMaxAngle\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
A rigid car-like robot with continuous steering angles and a trailer. The trailer models are taken from Murray and Sastry, Trans. Automatic Control, Vol 38, No 5, 1993, pp. 700-716.
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "Model2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer::Model2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer (string path)"
.PP
.SS "virtual Model2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer::~Model2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "double Model2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer::Metric (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x1, const \fBMSLVector\fP & x2)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
A distance metric, which is Euclidean in the base class.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel2DRigidCarSmooth\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBModel2DRigidCarSmooth2Trailers\fP.
.SS "bool Model2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer::Satisfied (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Test whether global state-space constraints are satisfied.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel2DRigidCarSmooth\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBModel2DRigidCarSmooth2Trailers\fP.
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Model2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer::StateToConfiguration (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
A method that converts a \fBModel\fP state in to a \fBGeom\fP configuration.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel2DRigidCarSmooth\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBModel2DRigidCarSmooth2Trailers\fP.
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Model2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer::StateTransitionEquation (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x, const \fBMSLVector\fP & u)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
The state transition equation, or equations of motion, xdot=f(x,u).
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel2DRigidCarSmooth\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBModel2DRigidCarSmooth2Trailers\fP.
.SH "MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "double Model2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer::HitchLength"
.PP
.SS "double Model2DRigidCarSmoothTrailer::HitchMaxAngle"
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
