.TH "Model3DRigidChain" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Model3DRigidChain \- A 3D kinematic chain of bodies that uses DH parameters. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <model3d.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBModel3DRigid\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBModel3DRigidChain\fP (string path)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Model3DRigidChain\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBMSLVector\fP \fBStateTransitionEquation\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &\fBx\fP, const \fBMSLVector\fP &u)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe state transition equation, or equations of motion, xdot=f(x,u).\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBMSLVector\fP \fBStateToConfiguration\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &\fBx\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fIA method that converts a \fBModel\fP state in to a \fBGeom\fP configuration.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual double \fBMetric\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &x1, const \fBMSLVector\fP &x2)"
.br
.RI "\fIA distance metric, which is Euclidean in the base class.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBSatisfied\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &\fBx\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fITest whether global state-space constraints are satisfied.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBNumBodies\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of bodies in the chain.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVector\fP \fBDH\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe distances between joints ('a' parameters in kinematics).\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "vector< int > \fBStateIndices\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
A 3D kinematic chain of bodies that uses DH parameters.
.PP
A 3D kinematic chain of bodies that uses DH parameters that should be given in a DH file in the following order: Alpha(1,2...), Theta(1,2...), A(1,2...), D(1,2...). Some of these parameters change during the movement, and each of these parameters becomes a state variable. The indices of these parameters should be given in the file StateIndices (i.e., each entry corresponds to a state, and indicates which DH parameter is variable). 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "Model3DRigidChain::Model3DRigidChain (string path)"
.PP
.SS "virtual Model3DRigidChain::~Model3DRigidChain ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "double Model3DRigidChain::Metric (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x1, const \fBMSLVector\fP & x2)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
A distance metric, which is Euclidean in the base class.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel3DRigid\fP.
.SS "bool Model3DRigidChain::Satisfied (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Test whether global state-space constraints are satisfied.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel\fP.
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Model3DRigidChain::StateToConfiguration (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
A method that converts a \fBModel\fP state in to a \fBGeom\fP configuration.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel\fP.
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Model3DRigidChain::StateTransitionEquation (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x, const \fBMSLVector\fP & u)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
The state transition equation, or equations of motion, xdot=f(x,u).
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel3DRigid\fP.
.SH "MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Model3DRigidChain::DH"
.PP
The distances between joints ('a' parameters in kinematics).
.PP
.SS "int Model3DRigidChain::NumBodies"
.PP
Number of bodies in the chain.
.PP
.SS "vector<int> Model3DRigidChain::StateIndices"
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
