.TH "Model2DRigidDyncarNtire" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Model2DRigidDyncarNtire \- A 5DOF dynamical model of a rigid car. This model uses a nonlinear tire model. The model was donated by Jim Bernard. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <model2d.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBModel2DRigidDyncar\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBModelCarDynNtire\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBModel2DRigidDyncarNtire\fP (string path)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Model2DRigidDyncarNtire\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBMSLVector\fP \fBStateTransitionEquation\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &\fBx\fP, const \fBMSLVector\fP &u)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe state transition equation, or equations of motion, xdot=f(x,u).\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBMu\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINonlinear tire model constant.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBNf\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILoad on the front tires.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBNr\fP"
.br
.RI "\fILoad on the rear tires.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
A 5DOF dynamical model of a rigid car. This model uses a nonlinear tire model. The model was donated by Jim Bernard.
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "Model2DRigidDyncarNtire::Model2DRigidDyncarNtire (string path)"
.PP
.SS "virtual Model2DRigidDyncarNtire::~Model2DRigidDyncarNtire ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Model2DRigidDyncarNtire::StateTransitionEquation (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x, const \fBMSLVector\fP & u)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
The state transition equation, or equations of motion, xdot=f(x,u).
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel2DRigidDyncar\fP.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBModelCarDynRollover\fP.
.SH "MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "double Model2DRigidDyncarNtire::Mu"
.PP
Nonlinear tire model constant.
.PP
.SS "double Model2DRigidDyncarNtire::Nf"
.PP
Load on the front tires.
.PP
.SS "double Model2DRigidDyncarNtire::Nr"
.PP
Load on the rear tires.
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
