.TH "Model3DRigidTree" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Model3DRigidTree \- A 3D kinematic tree of bodies that uses DH parameters. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <model3d.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBModel3DRigid\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBModel3DRigidTree\fP (string path)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Model3DRigidTree\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBMSLVector\fP \fBStateTransitionEquation\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &\fBx\fP, const \fBMSLVector\fP &u)"
.br
.RI "\fIThe state transition equation, or equations of motion, xdot=f(x,u).\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBMSLVector\fP \fBStateToConfiguration\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &\fBx\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fIA method that converts a \fBModel\fP state in to a \fBGeom\fP configuration.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual double \fBMetric\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &x1, const \fBMSLVector\fP &x2)"
.br
.RI "\fIA distance metric, which is Euclidean in the base class.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBSatisfied\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &\fBx\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fITest whether global state-space constraints are satisfied.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBNumBodies\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of bodies in the tree.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVector\fP \fBDH\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe distances between joints ('a' parameters in kinematics).\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "vector< int > \fBStateIndices\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "vector< int > \fBParents\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
A 3D kinematic tree of bodies that uses DH parameters.
.PP
A 3D kinematic tree of bodies that uses DH parameters which should be given in a DH file in the following order: Alpha(1,2...), Theta(1,2...), A(1,2...), D(1,2...). Some of these parameters change during the movement, and each of these parameters becomes a state variable. The indices of these parameters should be given in the file StateIndices (i.e., each entry corresponds to a state, and indicates which DH parameter is variable). For each body in the tree, the parent body in the tree should be indicated. This is specified in the file Parents. Each entry in Parents corresponds to a body (the i^th element is Robot i). The first entry is the root (this index is ignored because the root has no parent). The bodies in the tree must be arranged so that the indices in Parents are in nondecrreasing order (corresponding, for example to a depth-first search of the tree). 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "Model3DRigidTree::Model3DRigidTree (string path)"
.PP
.SS "virtual Model3DRigidTree::~Model3DRigidTree ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "double Model3DRigidTree::Metric (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x1, const \fBMSLVector\fP & x2)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
A distance metric, which is Euclidean in the base class.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel3DRigid\fP.
.SS "bool Model3DRigidTree::Satisfied (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Test whether global state-space constraints are satisfied.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel\fP.
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Model3DRigidTree::StateToConfiguration (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
A method that converts a \fBModel\fP state in to a \fBGeom\fP configuration.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel\fP.
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Model3DRigidTree::StateTransitionEquation (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x, const \fBMSLVector\fP & u)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
The state transition equation, or equations of motion, xdot=f(x,u).
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBModel3DRigid\fP.
.SH "MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Model3DRigidTree::DH"
.PP
The distances between joints ('a' parameters in kinematics).
.PP
.SS "int Model3DRigidTree::NumBodies"
.PP
Number of bodies in the tree.
.PP
.SS "vector<int> Model3DRigidTree::Parents"
.PP
.SS "vector<int> Model3DRigidTree::StateIndices"
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
