.TH "MSLNodeInfo" 3 "26 Feb 2002" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
MSLNodeInfo \- The information holded in this class is explained in 'Reducing Metric Sensitivity in Randomized Trajectory Design' in IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, 2001. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <nodeinfo.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVector\fP \fBGetExplorationInfo\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the exploration information.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSetExplorationInfo\fP (\fBMSLVector\fP &exploreinfo)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the exploration information.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBGetCollisionTendency\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the collision tendency information.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSetCollisionTendency\fP (double &collisioninfo)"
.br
.RI "\fISet the collision tendency information.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLNodeInfo\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLNodeInfo\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &exploreinfo, const double &collisioninfo)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~MSLNodeInfo\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
The information holded in this class is explained in 'Reducing Metric Sensitivity in Randomized Trajectory Design' in IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems, 2001.
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "MSLNodeInfo::MSLNodeInfo ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
.SS "MSLNodeInfo::MSLNodeInfo (const \fBMSLVector\fP & exploreinfo, const double & collisioninfo)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
.SS "MSLNodeInfo::~MSLNodeInfo ()"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "double MSLNodeInfo::GetCollisionTendency ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the collision tendency information.
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP MSLNodeInfo::GetExplorationInfo ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the exploration information.
.PP
.SS "void MSLNodeInfo::SetCollisionTendency (double & collisioninfo)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Set the collision tendency information.
.PP
.SS "void MSLNodeInfo::SetExplorationInfo (\fBMSLVector\fP & exploreinfo)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Set the exploration information.
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.