.TH "MSLVertex" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
MSLVertex \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <graph.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVector\fP \fBState\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIThe state to which this node corresponds.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "list< \fBMSLEdge\fP * > \fBEdges\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn all of the incident edges.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBCost\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIA cost value, useful in some algorithms.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSetCost\fP (const double &\fBx\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fIA cost value, useful in some algorithms.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSetID\fP (const int &i)"
.br
.RI "\fIChange the vertex ID.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBID\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the vertex ID.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMark\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIA cost value, useful in some algorithms.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBUnmark\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIA cost value, useful in some algorithms.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsMarked\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIA cost value, useful in some algorithms.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVertex\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVertex\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &\fBx\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~MSLVertex\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMSLEdge\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMSLGraph\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "istream & \fBoperator>>\fP (istream &is, MSLVertex &n)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (ostream &os, const MSLVertex &n)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "MSLVertex::MSLVertex ()"
.PP
.SS "MSLVertex::MSLVertex (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x)"
.PP
.SS "MSLVertex::~MSLVertex ()"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "double MSLVertex::Cost () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
A cost value, useful in some algorithms.
.PP
.SS "list<\fBMSLEdge\fP*> MSLVertex::Edges () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Return all of the incident edges.
.PP
.SS "int MSLVertex::ID () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the vertex ID.
.PP
.SS "bool MSLVertex::IsMarked () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
A cost value, useful in some algorithms.
.PP
.SS "void MSLVertex::Mark ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
A cost value, useful in some algorithms.
.PP
.SS "void MSLVertex::SetCost (const double & x)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
A cost value, useful in some algorithms.
.PP
.SS "void MSLVertex::SetID (const int & i)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Change the vertex ID.
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP MSLVertex::State () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
The state to which this node corresponds.
.PP
.SS "void MSLVertex::Unmark ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
A cost value, useful in some algorithms.
.PP
.SH "FRIENDS AND RELATED FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "friend class MSLEdge\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
.SS "friend class MSLGraph\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
.SS "ostream& operator<< (ostream & os, const MSLVertex & n)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
.SS "istream& operator>> (istream & is, MSLVertex & n)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
