.TH "Planner" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Planner \- The base class for all path planners. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <planner.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBSolver\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBIncrementalPlanner\fP, and \fBRoadmapPlanner\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPlanner\fP (\fBProblem\fP *problem)"
.br
.RI "\fIA constructor that initializes data members.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Planner\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBReset\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReset the planner.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBConstruct\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIGenerate a planning graph.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBPlan\fP ()=0"
.br
.RI "\fIAttempt to solve an Initial-Goal query.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBWriteGraphs\fP (ofstream &fout)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIWrite roadmap or trees to a file.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBReadGraphs\fP (ifstream &fin)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIRead roadmap or trees from a file.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBGapSatisfied\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &x1, const \fBMSLVector\fP &x2)"
.br
.RI "\fIDetermine if the gap error is staisfied.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBCumulativePlanningTime\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITotal amount of time spent on planning.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBCumulativeConstructTime\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITotal amount of time spent on construction.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "list< \fBMSLVector\fP > \fBPath\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe solution path, as a list of states.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "list< double > \fBTimeList\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe times associated with the path.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "list< \fBMSLVector\fP > \fBPolicy1\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe solution policy before the jump.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "list< double > \fBTimeList1\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe times associated with a solution path before the jump.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "list< \fBMSLVector\fP > \fBPolicy2\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe solution policy after the jump.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "list< double > \fBTimeList2\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe times associated with a solution path after the jump.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVector\fP \fBGapState1\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe last state in a path before a jump occurs.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVector\fP \fBGapState2\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe first state in a path after a jump occurs.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBHolonomic\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISet to true to ignore inputs and avoid integration (default false). This will make 'regular' path planning much faster.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVector\fP \fBGapError\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIHow much gap error is allowed for each element in bidirectional search.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLTree\fP * \fBT\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA search tree (used by incremental planners, but included in Planner base to allow \fBGuiPlanner\fP to handle all planners).\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLTree\fP * \fBT2\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA second tree (if needed).\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLGraph\fP * \fBRoadmap\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA graph to represent a roadmap (used by roadmap planners, but included in Planner base to allow \fBGuiPlanner\fP to handle all planners).\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "list< \fBMSLVector\fP > \fBStateList\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe states associated with a solution path.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "list< \fBMSLVector\fP > \fBInputList\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe inputs associated with a solution path.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBNumNodes\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINumber of nodes to generate in a single execution of Plan or Construct.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBPlannerDeltaT\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITime step to use for incremental planners.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVector\fP \fBRandomState\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIChoose a state at random.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVector\fP \fBNormalState\fP (\fBMSLVector\fP mean, double sd)"
.br
.RI "\fIPick a state using a Normal distribution.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLRandomSource\fP \fBR\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
The base class for all path planners.
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "Planner::Planner (\fBProblem\fP * problem)"
.PP
A constructor that initializes data members.
.PP
.SS "Planner::~Planner ()"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void Planner::Construct ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Generate a planning graph.
.PP
Implemented in \fBIncrementalPlanner\fP.
.SS "bool Planner::GapSatisfied (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x1, const \fBMSLVector\fP & x2)"
.PP
Determine if the gap error is staisfied.
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Planner::NormalState (\fBMSLVector\fP mean, double sd)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Pick a state using a Normal distribution.
.PP
.SS "virtual bool Planner::Plan ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Attempt to solve an Initial-Goal query.
.PP
Implemented in \fBFDP\fP.
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Planner::RandomState ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Choose a state at random.
.PP
.SS "virtual void Planner::ReadGraphs (ifstream & fin)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Read roadmap or trees from a file.
.PP
Implemented in \fBIncrementalPlanner\fP.
.SS "void Planner::Reset ()"
.PP
Reset the planner.
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBFDP\fP.
.SS "virtual void Planner::WriteGraphs (ofstream & fout)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Write roadmap or trees to a file.
.PP
Implemented in \fBIncrementalPlanner\fP.
.SH "MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "double Planner::CumulativeConstructTime"
.PP
Total amount of time spent on construction.
.PP
.SS "double Planner::CumulativePlanningTime"
.PP
Total amount of time spent on planning.
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Planner::GapError"
.PP
How much gap error is allowed for each element in bidirectional search.
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Planner::GapState1"
.PP
The last state in a path before a jump occurs.
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Planner::GapState2"
.PP
The first state in a path after a jump occurs.
.PP
.SS "bool Planner::Holonomic"
.PP
Set to true to ignore inputs and avoid integration (default false). This will make 'regular' path planning much faster.
.PP
.SS "list<\fBMSLVector\fP> Planner::InputList"
.PP
The inputs associated with a solution path.
.PP
.SS "int Planner::NumNodes"
.PP
Number of nodes to generate in a single execution of Plan or Construct.
.PP
.SS "list<\fBMSLVector\fP> Planner::Path"
.PP
The solution path, as a list of states.
.PP
.SS "double Planner::PlannerDeltaT"
.PP
Time step to use for incremental planners.
.PP
.SS "list<\fBMSLVector\fP> Planner::Policy1"
.PP
The solution policy before the jump.
.PP
.SS "list<\fBMSLVector\fP> Planner::Policy2"
.PP
The solution policy after the jump.
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLRandomSource\fP Planner::R\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLGraph\fP* Planner::Roadmap"
.PP
A graph to represent a roadmap (used by roadmap planners, but included in Planner base to allow \fBGuiPlanner\fP to handle all planners).
.PP
.SS "list<\fBMSLVector\fP> Planner::StateList"
.PP
The states associated with a solution path.
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLTree\fP* Planner::T"
.PP
A search tree (used by incremental planners, but included in Planner base to allow \fBGuiPlanner\fP to handle all planners).
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLTree\fP* Planner::T2"
.PP
A second tree (if needed).
.PP
.SS "list<double> Planner::TimeList"
.PP
The times associated with the path.
.PP
.SS "list<double> Planner::TimeList1"
.PP
The times associated with a solution path before the jump.
.PP
.SS "list<double> Planner::TimeList2"
.PP
The times associated with a solution path after the jump.
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
