.TH "RenderPerformer" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RenderPerformer \- Perform 3D rendering using the SGI IRIS Performer library. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <renderpf.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBRender\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRenderPerformer\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRenderPerformer\fP (string filepath)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRenderPerformer\fP (\fBScene\fP *s, string filepath)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~RenderPerformer\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBInit\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialized the renderer.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBHandleEvents\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIProcess IO events.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBTerminate\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIImplement functions upon termination of the renderer.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBShowCurrentAnimationFrame\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDisplay the current animation frame in a rendering window.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBLoadEnvironment\fP (pfGroup *env)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBLoadBodies\fP (pfGroup *bodies)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "pfNode * \fBLoadNativeModel\fP (string file, int colorindex)"
.br
.RI "\fILoad a model that is a list of 2D polygons or 3D triangles.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMakeBoundingBox\fP (pfGeode *bound)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBMakeControlPanel\fP (pfGroup *con, pfDCS *pad)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBGetCurrentMousePos\fP (double &\fBx\fP, double &\fBy\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBHandleKeyInput\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBHandleMouseEvents\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBGetControlPadSize\fP (double &padwidth_l, double &padwidth_r, double &padheight_b, double &padheight_top)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBNormCrossProduct\fP (double v1[3], double v2[3], double out[3])"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Protected Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBDrawChannel\fP (pfChannel *chan, void *data)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSharedData\fP * \fBShared\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Perform 3D rendering using the SGI IRIS Performer library.
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "RenderPerformer::RenderPerformer ()"
.PP
.SS "RenderPerformer::RenderPerformer (string filepath)"
.PP
.SS "RenderPerformer::RenderPerformer (\fBScene\fP * s, string filepath)"
.PP
.SS "virtual RenderPerformer::~RenderPerformer ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "void RenderPerformer::DrawChannel (pfChannel * chan, void * data)\fC [static, protected]\fP"
.PP
.SS "void RenderPerformer::GetControlPadSize (double & padwidth_l, double & padwidth_r, double & padheight_b, double & padheight_top)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
.SS "void RenderPerformer::GetCurrentMousePos (double & x, double & y)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
.SS "void RenderPerformer::HandleEvents ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Process IO events.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBRender\fP.
.SS "void RenderPerformer::HandleKeyInput ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
.SS "void RenderPerformer::HandleMouseEvents ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
.SS "void RenderPerformer::Init ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Initialized the renderer.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBRender\fP.
.SS "void RenderPerformer::LoadBodies (pfGroup * bodies)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
.SS "void RenderPerformer::LoadEnvironment (pfGroup * env)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
.SS "pfNode * RenderPerformer::LoadNativeModel (string file, int colorindex)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Load a model that is a list of 2D polygons or 3D triangles.
.PP
.SS "void RenderPerformer::MakeBoundingBox (pfGeode * bound)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
.SS "void RenderPerformer::MakeControlPanel (pfGroup * con, pfDCS * pad)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
.SS "void RenderPerformer::NormCrossProduct (double v1[3], double v2[3], double out[3])\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
.SS "void RenderPerformer::ShowCurrentAnimationFrame ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Display the current animation frame in a rendering window.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBRender\fP.
.SS "void RenderPerformer::Terminate ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implement functions upon termination of the renderer.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBRender\fP.
.SH "MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBSharedData\fP * RenderPerformer::Shared\fC [static, protected]\fP"
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
