.TH "rrt.h" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
rrt.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'planner.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'util.h'\fP
.br
.SS "Compounds"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRandomTree\fP"
.br
.RI "\fINaively extend the tree by random node selection (not really an \fBRRT\fP).\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRRT\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe base class, which generates a single Rapidly-exploring Random Tree.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRRTBidirBalanced\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBalanced Bidirectional \fBRRTConCon\fP planner.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRRTCon\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIReplaces Extend with Connect.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRRTConCon\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUse Connect for both exploration and connecting of trees.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRRTDual\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPlanners that grow trees from the initial and goal.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRRTExtCon\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUse Connect instead of Extend to connect the two trees.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRRTExtExt\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBalance between growing trees toward each other and exploring.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRRTGoalBias\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIWith some probability, choose the goal instead of a random sample.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRRTGoalZoom\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBias the samples toward the goal as the tree gets closer.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRRTHull\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIGrow a Rapidly-exploring Random Tree in a large disc.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBRRTPolar\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIGradually bias the sampling towards the goal.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
