.TH "RRTConCon" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RRTConCon \- Use Connect for both exploration and connecting of trees. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <rrt.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBRRTDual\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRRTConCon\fP (\fBProblem\fP *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~RRTConCon\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBPlan\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThe greediest of the dual-tree planners. Very fast for holonomic planning.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Use Connect for both exploration and connecting of trees.
.PP
This planner balances the computation between growing the trees toward random samples and toward each other. G is the tree from the initial state, and G2 is the tree from the goal state. In each iteration, there are four steps: 
.TP
Use Connect to grow G toward a random sample 
.TP
Use Connect to grow G2 toward the new node in G 
.TP
Use Connect to grow G2 toward a random sample 
.TP
Use Connect to grow G toward the new node in G2 
.PP
In each step, node selection is based on the nearest neighbor.
.PP
The planner is described in LaValle, Kuffner, WAFR, 2000. The only difference between RRTConCon and \fBRRTExtExt\fP is the replacement of Extend with Connect in all four steps. 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "RRTConCon::RRTConCon (\fBProblem\fP * p)"
.PP
.SS "virtual RRTConCon::~RRTConCon ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "bool RRTConCon::Plan ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
The greediest of the dual-tree planners. Very fast for holonomic planning.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBRRTDual\fP.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
