.TH "RRTExtExt" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RRTExtExt \- Balance between growing trees toward each other and exploring. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <rrt.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBRRTDual\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRRTExtExt\fP (\fBProblem\fP *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~RRTExtExt\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBPlan\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThe dual-tree planner used in LaValle, Kuffner, ICRA 1999. Each tree is extended toward a randomly-sampled point. RRTExtExt is generally better.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Balance between growing trees toward each other and exploring.
.PP
This planner balances the computation between growing the trees toward random samples and toward each other. G is the tree from the initial state, and G2 is the tree from the goal state. In each iteration, there are four steps: 
.TP
Use Extend to grow G toward a random sample 
.TP
Use Extend to grow G2 toward the new node in G 
.TP
Use Extend to grow G2 toward a random sample 
.TP
Use Extend to grow G toward the new node in G2 
.PP
In each step, node selection is based on the nearest neighbor. 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "RRTExtExt::RRTExtExt (\fBProblem\fP * p)"
.PP
.SS "virtual RRTExtExt::~RRTExtExt ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "bool RRTExtExt::Plan ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
The dual-tree planner used in LaValle, Kuffner, ICRA 1999. Each tree is extended toward a randomly-sampled point. RRTExtExt is generally better.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBRRTDual\fP.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
