.TH "RRTExtCon" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RRTExtCon \- Use Connect instead of Extend to connect the two trees. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <rrt.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBRRTDual\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRRTExtCon\fP (\fBProblem\fP *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~RRTExtCon\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBPlan\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThis planner is greedier in its attempt to connect the trees.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Use Connect instead of Extend to connect the two trees.
.PP
This planner balances the computation between growing the trees toward random samples and toward each other. G is the tree from the initial state, and G2 is the tree from the goal state. In each iteration, there are four steps: 
.TP
Use Extend to grow G toward a random sample 
.TP
Use Connect to grow G2 toward the new node in G 
.TP
Use Extend to grow G2 toward a random sample 
.TP
Use Connect to grow G toward the new node in G2 
.PP
In each step, node selection is based on the nearest neighbor.
.PP
The planner is described in Kuffner, LaValle, ICRA, 2000. The only difference between \fBRRTExtExt\fP and RRTExtCon is the replacement of Extend with Connect in two steps. 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "RRTExtCon::RRTExtCon (\fBProblem\fP * p)"
.PP
.SS "virtual RRTExtCon::~RRTExtCon ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "bool RRTExtCon::Plan ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
This planner is greedier in its attempt to connect the trees.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBRRTDual\fP.

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
