.TH "RRTGoalZoom" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RRTGoalZoom \- Bias the samples toward the goal as the tree gets closer. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <rrt.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBRRT\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRRTGoalZoom\fP (\fBProblem\fP *p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~RRTGoalZoom\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBGoalProb\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBZoomProb\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBZoomFactor\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBMSLVector\fP \fBChooseState\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIPick a state using some sampling technique.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
Bias the samples toward the goal as the tree gets closer.
.PP
This planner biases the sampling towards a region that contains  the goal. The region shrinks around the goal as the tree comes nearer.  This planner is based on a class project at Iowa State by Jun Qu in 1999. 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "RRTGoalZoom::RRTGoalZoom (\fBProblem\fP * p)"
.PP
.SS "virtual RRTGoalZoom::~RRTGoalZoom ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP RRTGoalZoom::ChooseState ()\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Pick a state using some sampling technique.
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBRRT\fP.
.SH "MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "double RRTGoalZoom::GoalProb"
.PP
.SS "double RRTGoalZoom::ZoomFactor"
.PP
.SS "double RRTGoalZoom::ZoomProb"
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
