.TH "Scene" 3 "24 Jul 2003" "Motion Strategy Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Scene \- An interface class that gives \fBProblem\fP information to \fBRender\fP. It tells the renderer how the 'scene' appears for rendering purposes, as opposed to collision-detection purposes. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <scene.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Methods"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBScene\fP (\fBProblem\fP *problem, string path)"
.br
.RI "\fIScene must be initialized with the \fBProblem\fP that was passed to the planner.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Scene\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIEmpty destructor.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSetProblem\fP (\fBProblem\fP *\fBP\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fIA method for changing the associated \fBProblem\fP.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBMSLVector\fP \fBStateToSceneConfiguration\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &\fBx\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert the state into configurations for each body (a long \fBMSLVector\fP).\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBMSLVector\fP \fBInterpolatedSceneConfiguration\fP (const \fBMSLVector\fP &x1, const \fBMSLVector\fP &x2, const double &a)"
.br
.RI "\fIInterpolate the states; convert the result to a SceneConfiguratrion.\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBFilePath\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA common filepath.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBGeomDim\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe geometry dimension, 2 or 3.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBNumBodies\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of bodies in the scene.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBSceneConfigurationDim\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITotal degrees of freedom of the scene.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVector\fP \fBLowerWorld\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe smallest x,y,z world coordinates for the environment.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVector\fP \fBUpperWorld\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe largest x,y,z world coordinated for the environment.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVector\fP \fBGlobalCameraPosition\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe location of the default camera in x,y,z.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVector\fP \fBGlobalCameraDirection\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe direction the default camera is pointing with respect to the model.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVector\fP \fBGlobalCameraZenith\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe up direction of the default camera.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVector\fP \fBAttachedCameraPosition\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe location of the body-attached camera in x,y,z.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVector\fP \fBAttachedCameraDirection\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe direction the body-attached camera is pointing.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMSLVector\fP \fBAttachedCameraZenith\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe up direction of the body-attached camera.\fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBAttachedCameraBody\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe index of the body to which the camera is attached (default = 0).\fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBProblem\fP * \fBP\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe \fBProblem\fP instance used by the planner/solver.\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "DETAILED DESCRIPTION"
.PP 
An interface class that gives \fBProblem\fP information to \fBRender\fP. It tells the renderer how the 'scene' appears for rendering purposes, as opposed to collision-detection purposes.
.PP
This is an interface class that computes configurations of all bodies to be displayed by a rendering method. Currently, configuration information is passed through an instance of \fBProblem\fP. Thus, the base class for Scene is simply a wrapper to \fBProblem\fP. 
.PP
.SH "CONSTRUCTOR & DESTRUCTOR DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "Scene::Scene (\fBProblem\fP * problem, string path)"
.PP
Scene must be initialized with the \fBProblem\fP that was passed to the planner.
.PP
.SS "virtual Scene::~Scene ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Empty destructor.
.PP
.SH "MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Scene::InterpolatedSceneConfiguration (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x1, const \fBMSLVector\fP & x2, const double & a)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Interpolate the states; convert the result to a SceneConfiguratrion.
.PP
.SS "void Scene::SetProblem (\fBProblem\fP * P)"
.PP
A method for changing the associated \fBProblem\fP.
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Scene::StateToSceneConfiguration (const \fBMSLVector\fP & x)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Convert the state into configurations for each body (a long \fBMSLVector\fP).
.PP
.SH "MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION"
.PP 
.SS "int Scene::AttachedCameraBody"
.PP
The index of the body to which the camera is attached (default = 0).
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Scene::AttachedCameraDirection"
.PP
The direction the body-attached camera is pointing.
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Scene::AttachedCameraPosition"
.PP
The location of the body-attached camera in x,y,z.
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Scene::AttachedCameraZenith"
.PP
The up direction of the body-attached camera.
.PP
.SS "string Scene::FilePath"
.PP
A common filepath.
.PP
.SS "int Scene::GeomDim"
.PP
The geometry dimension, 2 or 3.
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Scene::GlobalCameraDirection"
.PP
The direction the default camera is pointing with respect to the model.
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Scene::GlobalCameraPosition"
.PP
The location of the default camera in x,y,z.
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Scene::GlobalCameraZenith"
.PP
The up direction of the default camera.
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Scene::LowerWorld"
.PP
The smallest x,y,z world coordinates for the environment.
.PP
.SS "int Scene::NumBodies"
.PP
The number of bodies in the scene.
.PP
.SS "\fBProblem\fP* Scene::P\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
The \fBProblem\fP instance used by the planner/solver.
.PP
.SS "int Scene::SceneConfigurationDim"
.PP
Total degrees of freedom of the scene.
.PP
.SS "\fBMSLVector\fP Scene::UpperWorld"
.PP
The largest x,y,z world coordinated for the environment.
.PP


.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Motion Strategy Library from the source code.
